Reflecting Changes to Service in config 95 (#2207)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/managed-desktop/get-started/project-visio.md

- **Company Portal** -  The Company Portal must be available in your tenant for your users to install these applications. If the Company Portal isn’t deployed in your tenant, see [Company Portal](company-portal.md).

## Deploy Project and Visio for Microsoft Managed Desktop devices

> Microsoft Managed Desktop will add Microsoft Project and Microsoft Visio as two Win32 Applications in Microsoft Intune. We will also create two groups in Azure Active Directory which will be assigned to the coresponding application with the "Available" intent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Managed Desktop will add Microsoft Project and Microsoft Visio as two Win32 Applications in Microsoft Intune. We will also create two groups in Azure Active Directory which will be assigned to the corresponding application with the **Available** assignment type. 
```

Author: Thanks for this good catches, the other edits we should make available bold and change "intent" to "assignment type" per the intune language: 

We will also create two groups in Azure Active Directory which will be assigned to the corresponding application with the **Available** assignment type.
